I imagine that you'll be informed your yupa
of everything that has been commented
these days no and for what is happening
Fran and I would love if there was
an explanation of why exactly
a person who is not a native of
Thailand cannot have land in their
name to see the len of Thailand and they have been for
many years many for years
that I am not going to burrow how many but
many that it is elen like never before and invades
by any country okay we are like
sovereigns it is not a country that has never
left has been crowned by anyone
So it is a pride to be like a
nation not like a kingdom of Thailand the
le reign of Thailand country Thailand belongs
to the Thais not to protect
the rights of the Thais for
what how we live like or not in
Thailand we live of 80 9% of tourists
is like that without tourists maybe we would die I don't
know because it is that we live all our
lives as tourists So
tourists for us bring a lot
a lot at an economic level not super
high So when it is a country where
many foreigners live they do
a lot of business they are what they try to do to ensure
that there is not  invasion Invaders of
foreigners has whatever nationality they are who
have the right to enter Thailand
work in Thailand have businesses in
Thailand but there is always a but but it does
not mean that foreigners do not have the
right to work of course they
have the right to work if they do
things right then that level that they
try to protect so that
foreigners do not come with so many
billions and buy the
entire island or I buy that province
because I have money and also Oh
today the Chinese in Thailand Chinese
Japanese Koreans have entered
Thailand it is scary, I mean they have entered with
a but Invaders at a beastly level that is what is
happening What happens the
land has risen triple I mean the house
That we can buy and many Thais
can not buy because the price has risen
incredibly and it is impossible not to of
Could have their future neither buy
land nor house or anything so to
avoid those things and on the other hand if
foreigners buy all the land
Then the Thais like
someday we want to buy for example you are going
to buy the land of Thailand and I
someday as a Thai want to buy
that land Because I like it and you say
can it go of  3 million and I 3 million I'm
going to bring 3 million to buy Ah that's
what it's worth then that prevents us from
having the right to live with our
land and that it doesn't have invasions by
any foreigner eh I don't know up to there you
understand me no let's see it has a certain
logic yes So in order to buy the
land a foreigner They say yes you can
buy it in the form of annihilating then
But there are many ways first first
what they do is very common they buy it in the
name of a foreigner because it is like that
no but in that case I would do that case not
many foreigners would do for example
Frank even if she is his wife he has to
be a little cautious I think she
is my wife but also I have to
protect myself So I
buy it in my wife's name because the law
requires it Okay but I'm going to buy it in his
name like annihilating his
wife for 30 years it is still him eh eh he
can have it as property but like
no but they are with his name for 30
years annihilating Yuji for example
also when the
30 year expiration is over you can Ren  for 30 more years
But he still has that land Although it
is not his but yes if that land who
bought as in as if it were
renting no yen has the right to ask for
authorization to be able to build a
building or whatever within that
land has the right that yes he can
because they allow that you cannot have
cannot possess the land but
an apartment building condominium all
that can have 49 for.  51 has to
be in association with a Thai man or a
Thai woman but 49 of his or he
can also make a representative contract
that is like here I have a
representative on the property in case of
a divorce or separation if the woman
intends to keep the land in man
in that case Fran can sue her for
embezzlement Why Because he has a
previous contract he says Look you are going to
be my representative and the land is worth
half a million euros Okay so you
owe me half a million euros You are
my representative and or someday that I
want to sell or whatever or they do with
the land what I want that is
mine but because you make debts they do not
make like the debt like Yuji in that
case has debts with Fran it is like a
way to protect there are many ways and
another way that he can also do
like an SL company SL also have the
right you have 49 for with 51 tendes is an
SL company can have the Land can
buy what he wants as long as he
has a Thai like there within
that company 51 can be done in many
ways no  It only has to be
her name and that's it, but there is
some very good news that this
is not the first time that many foreigners
who have faced these problems,
so the Andalusian lens are focusing
on that problem. Why did that happen? So
if Frank has the memory, he
has the invoice, he has
bank transfers in the evidence that he had
bought that land of
sanctuaries in Suria. Then he can go
directly to court and speak
asking for an injunction in court saying,
Look, what happens, that
name passed to me, to my ex, but she wants to
appropriate everything and I'm going to get lost in
all of that, okay? Okay, they are not in my
name because I am not Thai, but
she intends to sell it and leave me naked.
Okay, then the court will
evaluate it. Yes or yes, they will evaluate it. How
very simple, eh, that they do not complicate
anything for you because they know what there is
Because it is as I
told you, they live as tourists. They know the problem that exists, so what do they do? Frank has a chance, let's go 99 with 99% win, who has to go with rescue, with the evidence, with a bank transfer, to the
court and the court will see it. Ah,
you  have you bought you have bought that
land with money worth so so so
Then they are going to force you to reach an
agreement with Fran
They are going to call you and he says look You have to talk to your ex that happens And she says no I don't want to talk about anything because I'm not interested it's mine she says okay very well if you don't reach an agreement Then they are going to call her again the
judge saying if you don't reach an
agreement with your ex because he has verified
that you have bought it and you
intend to defraud you have the
intention of how would I tell you about yes to
steal the land
directly exactly enteron
then there is the law Then you
find yourself says Ah okay So you have
said that no very well they are going to call her
as the Land Property Registry
for sales or they are going to freeze or
block a possible sale of that land as a
precautionary measure until an
agreement is reached and if there is a time when there is
nothing they are not going to move forward So they
force you to sell the land Fran
would have the possibility of fighting
legally let's go
Simply simply you have to have proof
that you had paid nothing more don't
demand anything more and then if the sale of the
land is worth  1 million euros has to be
given to Fran half the
total sale price half or if Fran
had paid 300,000 and if Yuji wants to
sell for 2 million euros it doesn't matter to him he
has to return to Fran the price that
Queen had paid So there are two
ways to who can make money
easily they say two or three lawyers have told me that they
are in the issue of
that land and in problem with
foreigners he has told me we have not lost any case
our clients are
foreigners no very similar case or so it is
clear that if there is it is
perfectly demonstrable that it is
his Of course because it is a sanctuary that
he has created, that he has built, that he has
brought the light that he has brought the
internet that he has created a lake he has created
a canal a river and taking care of the animals
to go all is all that evidence the
judges are going to value it and a lot and very
easy to make a judgment as long as you
have the evidence in court they are
always in your favor because only the
judges seeing good judges in Ju are going to
see that intention I already knew that it is bad
intention on his part it is like that in
addition it would also be valued I understand the
rest of the properties that are  it remains
because we are talking about a house a
studio the shelter no the shelter is the
children's name the the apartment the
big house is not an apartment it is a powerful house you
know or that I understand that it is taken
into account with the evidence you can
easily win, let's go, you have not
lost really I tell you with the
evidence that
you have that they keep all that is that it is
very simple let's see that there are many
foreigners who have won that how are they not
going to win Fran let's see if the
foreigners who have the evidence and
knowing what is going to happen in that I go
to court to ask for that as Amparo
so that they clarify things because
they have lost everything and they have
won all, I mean they have won everything but let's see they have
won all it means that they have
recovered they have not won they have
recovered the land they have recovered the
money that had been paid with which for
me he has won because he has not lost it he has
recovered No that is the point
the most important thing
has to but as you know that he does not
want to fight
not next year if he has eaten this
money and he needs help and and the other one
kicks her this one takes it and the help
you know that Fran can start a
resignation  against her for betrayal of
trust in a couple is that there are many
ways eh the lent is very delicate it is
when there is a child in between the mother
has a lot to lose due to the issue of
bad intentions towards her ex and especially
towards the children, the judges are going to
value it a lot when there is a minor minor
or not minor when there are children of both
in between they will always see who
has just custody of the children in that case
as Fran said that he has just custody of the
children then look I would like to read a
little so that I don't miss any
details lawyer the issue of minors
okay I consulted with him he told me Fran in
that case he says he has no obligation to
pay anything not a euro to the ex because
they have separated with
signed documents and they are no longer married Fran
has no obligation to Yuji with her
since the day they signed their divorce Yes,
Fran does have to pay his part, his
part, not all of the support to the
minor until the age that the adult reaches
and they must pay directly to
the minor what does that mean in
Thailand and they have well children can be
from 7 years old can have
their own ID here they put a detail that
like to read it well 7 years 11 years
no I'm not interested in reading because people are
boring I mean minor with 12 years or
more or more maybe the girl is 14
years old can open her own bank account
with her own name only
with her ID From 12 to 14 years old What does it
mean if she can for example
Fran can deposit money because a month
so many and the girl with her mobile phone
nowadays they buy it do it and pay
with her mobile phone with whatever
no but the mother says that it is not
right to touch Not a euro of the girl she
has no right because she has nothing to
do with Fran when you sign a
divorce paper you have no obligation to
pay the ex not a euro anything eh Nothing
has nothing to do with it but to the girl Yes to
the minor to the minor they do not do fant says
no it is that I have deposited money to the mother
because they are with with the girl no well they
are with the mother nothing happens but
Fran in that case if she wants to pay the girl
can pay it to her own account of the
girl because she is 14 years old at 12
years old she can already have the account  own
and now at 7 and 11 years old can open the
account too but you have to have the
consent of both father and mother
at 71 but from 12 years old they do
n't go there and with their den says look
I have the account but they allow her they
allow her she can only open one
account nothing more okay with that account Fran
says well I'm going to send money to my girl she does
n't have to ask mom Give me that
mom Give me another because in the end the mother is
going to win it all the money and they are not
going to give it to the girl which is why Fran to
avoid her having no contact any money to
the mother which is why they will give it
directly to the girl that is another
option Yes but what she is mentioning I do
n't know if you read the interview where I
said that in Thailand Fran has the
obligation to maintain her standard
of living that she wants you to have
she invented that she brings her that the Penal Code has
said does not exist to the girl Yes to the minor
yes but
what there is is that minors when they
are with the mother when they are with the mother
they have to maintain the same standard
of living that they would have if the family
had the father with the mother not based  that
if the father suddenly earns a lot of
money and has a high standard of living,
then he has to maintain the
same standard of living for his children that they would have if he
were there, if he hadn't gotten divorced,
okay, but of course what she says is her,
her, she doesn't give the day that she
signs a divorce Bye bye Baby it has
nothing to do with it Goodbye maybe I'm
wrong I think that she thinks that
Fran Ah that one doesn't understand anything like
such good gold such good people so
generous well I'm going to go in there to
see if he comes in to see if he falls into my trap that's what I
think like he thinks
Fran is stupid I think she grows up like that you
understand me Because the slow landess who
has to pay ex to ex Why That she does
n't exist What are you saying how famous is
Yuji in Thailand you yupa let's see she was
famous in the 90s she was famous she was a singer she was a
model she was very sexy eh watch out she
very was very sexy Very pretty in her day
today very pretty Of course at her age
and all that she is very good but of course she is
very good Physically but mentally
for me she is not I am very sorry  No, no, it
's not a criticism from woman to woman, but it's
what we see in reality. Because what we
see is what the [ __ ], if you have
children, give them a reference. Your children, my
daughter, your children are your life, what you
have lost, so you have to give
that first of all to your children, but
then she wants to have a super life.
Yupi, super cool, super such, okay, she has the
right to be happy like everyone else,
we have the right to rebuild our lives and you
're with a new love, new love, new
people, whatever you want, but your
children come first, that's why you have her. My point of
view is that she doesn't care so much about her
children because she gives more time to her new
partner, so the responsibility
as a mother. I see that that has failed a lot.
The thing is that we found out while we were
there about some
previous interviews that Yui had been giving these
last few months in Thailand on the
gossip shows, making
reference to her problems with
cocaine, her problems with alcohol and
such, and Fran hadn't found out that she had
given that interview, I mean, if
Ricky hadn't told me, maybe by
now he wouldn't have found out, but she has been
giving interviews on heart programs
saying that well
when they arrested her at the airport she had
consumed that it was the lie
that Fran had covered up not the fact
that she had those problems much
significance no no it doesn't have what
your yupa says No she had said
several occasions on several programs
Then she said that about her addiction
that she has tried to get into it but it was
impossible that it was super hard and such and such
no but I think that she did not want to get
out because let's see if you are
entering so many
detox centers and you have not been able to get into
them but one or two I understand but so many so many
and she keeps relapsing and
relapsing because you not trying
had no intention of doing it there is an
interview that I would not like to say
here not out of respect for the children
when she is pregnant and all that and
the addiction that she is
consuming and from there I leave it because I
should not say much it is that
if I were the children I would leave I feel there is
an interview esup it is very hard I think so I
think so There is one that
she said about the details of all that
thing of her  addictions that there are
details also in the leent those that
say that Fran has the right to claim
50% from Yuji of all the money that he
gave her. During the last 5 years if he
has paid 12 years 15 years amount of
money does not matter, he has lost it but of
the current 5 years until now what is the
last 5 years he has the right to receive
and also renounce the court. In other words, he
can renounce it because he has the right to
claim 50% 5 years says look 5 years I
have paid 500,000 well I am going to claim
250,000 let's see in the first place he is not
going to pay that but because he does not have the
right to it yes it has eh Javi what sense does it make
if Fran has given it to him because he
wanted to give it to him after having given it to him
what sense does it make to claim it
of course they say that the law helps her so that they can
claim no but I know that they are not
going to do it I think that everything is over she
could not pay it she could not
pay we are talking we are talking
the amount that the no but that if you
want the war and if  you want to
report the other one they're going to perren her until let
's go that they won't even be left with her
own soul it means that he can
take her out of everything if he wants eh like this they're going to leave me
without land this is how they're
going to leave me without my animals Ah yes buah
she can go let's go what I
see Javi I see that it
's possible for her to enter like a
cult group it's like a cult I see her her
friend is not her girlfriend okay her friend that they
say comes from the wealthy family
okay but the family The
family that is the father who are people
who have real estate and all that
stuff okay but that friend who
introduced the new girlfriend to Yuji
So they have like their concept not from
within that group what
for example the girlfriend is okay you what with
this is my friend says okay And now she's going to
be your girlfriend your partner okay I see that
she doesn't have that personality to make
decisions I think that they go what that
friend says they let it influence but a lot
because I see the interview of the friend
on television talking about a
specific thing and Yuji a day later they echo
speaking the same thing copying the same
word and the friend  says let's go so she
Let's go so and the friend says sleep she
says sleep it's like like the
other friend's doll it's like they're eating it's
the head what I see they're eating
the head and that she's trying to get money from
Fran Whatever because the friend has a
standard of living like rich to high level
of every day they want to
show that society doesn't say look
what I have look at my life and then they
want to convert that life that doesn't
exist through Fran of course
Fran's money But you want to make that life like
I am too in New rich and then they go
together they go all every day
together to do like I am too
no Or I am also rich but I really am not that
is the problem that she
lives in the world too much fantasy damn this
is the message that for me is devastating
and enlightening when they send her a
WhatsApp Fran and she says I appreciate everything you have
done for me and you have treated me
very well and you have been very good to me and
such but give me 7 and a half million
like a little traitor of course I mean it's
like yourself I mean for years that she
is taking care of you and that you do not lack
anything inside  from prison she lives like
Rena because she told from the first day I do
n't know if Fran knew from the first day
she entered the prison You know
that the prison no one wants to
go in there and no one wants to start
because it's horrible it's normal they take away
your freedom Total no but within
the bad connection that there was inside that
prison she was in the infirmary
she was telling I mean she says she
was in the infirmary until a timoria that
she left I mean if they are C and a half almost
7 years in prison she was sleeping
for almost 7 years in the infirmary I
mean man she wasn't there it means that
Fran took care of her and didn't leave her missing
anything I mean and that's why they pay what they pay
to the father of their children it seems to me already
very not only the economic Yui
because in the end imagine no you have
a relative a loved one in this
situation like the one she was in and
if you can spend that money on her
being better You're going to spend it But
because there can be other people who can't
but it's not just the economic it's that
he almost every day Well every
maybe six days a week he walked
two hours  to go to jail to
worry to take care of her and then come back
and forth every day
since 4 or 5 in the morning You notice
those details that's why I told you that the
friend is very manipulative within those
details that her friend gave the interview
on television she said every day I was
going to take care of Yuji every day and
no one else but me because no one took care of
her the only one who took care that almost 24
hours we were together her and I says it
was me the only one who did everything for
Yuji was me I mean she didn't mention anything at all
Fran I mean imagine if at the level of
manipulator that she is and and what does it seem to me let's
go and Yuji didn't say anything like that either eh what to
say that she thanks her friend that
took care of her that when I was in
prison only my friend I mean it's like
something they despise their ex so much I don't
understand with what intention the truth is I don't
understand I don't know if she's that bad or
a person who is not well a person
who is sick because many times there
are contradictions tuyupa in the
stories that they give that are not like well
calculated and  well hard let's see good
person can't be doing what you
're doing but I also tell you
maybe it's not a person who
is controlling everything you're
doing or is so aware of what the
couple is doing because
she spoke in one of the last
interviews tuyupa as if she was from a
powerful family or that she
was well known is so much like that What are you going to
see that says chef but well let's see chef
is a fighter doing well passerelle
pastries sweet cakes yes student but she is
not a chef at a professional level she for
now is not working I don't know what she
lives on Well it will be Yuji's But well it's that
she said in her when day she asked
Yuji's hand to marry and with God of
the Rings She said I will take care of you I will
never abandon you and the person
who will take care of you is me like until the
last day of my breath no more or less
as she says and finally she will be happy
someone who will protect you like they
are always protected or I mean girl
just met recently and you already go
of not of super It's that without knowing
the reality and like they try leaving
Fran on one side like despising not for
everything so much her the new partner as
Yui's friend I mean I don't know she has something
against Fran no no I don't have any idea but
they are like with an intention of that
of speaking badly of that he doesn't take care of her that so that how it
is like he plays with the words
that I didn't like in Thai it is a
little delicate but a word like
saying finally he is happy finally rec
know your happiness finally That is
freedom but not freedom of that
released from prison speaking in the sense
of freedom as if they are locked in
a like saying Daniel Sancho a
glass cage or something like that I don't understand
Jack knight King eh I mean they are the same
movements eha yes she plays those things like
she is that Fran has him
locked up there and and that they are not happy that they haven't
found anything that such that which it is not
like manipulating things and she like no like why not I don't know
defends herself a little no no it
is not like I am happy both with
my children with my ex whatever it is what
happens is that we do not get along because we do not
have an understanding 100% and we get along with a
different way of thinking that's why  We don't
want to separate because we walk
different paths whatever but you
can't beat around the bush that I haven't taken care of myself at
all that I don't know what that I've never loved myself I do
n't feel loved and so and so
But well if he doesn't love you they'll be
with you until the last day of of
day of your hell they're also there the
only person who doesn't love you will
be by your side it's sometimes I think
that we have to save a lot of words
that she lets loose Not so lightly she
mentioned in a story of
domestic violence in one of the stories they do
gratuitous harm like there's something
there that's not normal that's not
normal I I if I were Fran I I have
the proof my daughter look I have the
proof I have a bank transfer I
have the proof that I paid you that day
that date pum pum pum pum pum you
want more Look I have it pum pum pum she
says You know what you're going to lose if
I go to court You
know that I can prove to her that the
one who bought it was me who paid for everything
so you haven't paid anything
because you You have no income you
hadn't worked you haven't  proven
not a bill that you paid then
think carefully who will win in that
case I would say like that because I don't think she's
so stupid I don't think to say ah no she
has to know if Fran has the proof they're
going to pervert her